Links for documentation:

PDF: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gea0-UqIh6LqbGgzpNCojmI-gEwEZeIB/view?usp=sharing

DOCX: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZzNw-_VNvjE2lkV95aYdA8ZPzSQY4Kcm/view?usp=sharing


Botium Toys: Audit scope and goals

Summary:

Development of an audit at Botium Toys’ cybersecurity program. The assessment needs to align updated business best practices with industry standards.

The audit is meant to set the base for the mitigation phase of risk assessment looking for vulnerabilities that are classified as “high risk” while presenting an overall strategy for improving the security
posture of the organization.

The audit team will document their findings, provide remediation plans and efforts, and communicate with stakeholders. 

  Scope: 

  Note that the scope is not constant from audit to audit. However, once the scope of the audit is clearly defined, only items within scope should be audited. In this scenario, the scope is defined as
  the entire security program at Botium Toys. This means all assets need to be assessed alongside internal processes and procedures. 

Botium Toys internal IT audit will assess the following: 

  ● Current user permissions set in the following systems: accounting, end point detection, firewalls, intrusion detection system, security information and event management (SIEM) tool. 
  ● Current implemented controls in the following systems: accounting, end point detection, firewalls, intrusion detection system, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tool. 
  ● Current procedures and protocols set for the following systems: accounting, end point detection, firewall, intrusion detection system, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tool. 
  ● Ensure current user permissions, controls, procedures, and protocols in place align with necessary compliance requirements. 
  ● Ensure current technology is accounted for. Both hardware and system access.

  Goals: 

  Deliverables or outcomes creation aiming to achieve compliance, identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities within the organization, and understanding processes and procedures failure looking forward to 
  correcting them. 

Botium Toys’ internal IT audit goals are: 

  ● To adhere to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) 
  ● Establish a better process for their systems to ensure they are compliant ● Fortify system controls 
  ● Implement the concept of least permissions when it comes to user credential management 
  ● Establish their policies and procedures, which includes their playbooks ● Ensure they are meeting compliance requirements
